annot: Add the sauce and peanut butter into the food processor
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (-1), peanut butter (-1)
[PP, location, into] the food processor (-1)
annot: add little bit of sugar water, garlic powder
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] bit of sugar water (-1), garlic powder (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: transfer it to a mason jar
ACTID: 2
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] it (1)
[PP, location, to] a mason jar (-1)
annot: Add sugar into the measuring cup
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sugar (-1)
[PP, location, into] the measuring cup (-1)
annot: add hot water
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] hot water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: stir it until all the sugar is dissolved
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
[PP, other, until] all the sugar is dissoved (-1)
annot: squeeze in some lime, chopped garlic stir
ACTID: 6
PRED: squeeze
[DOBJ, food] some lime (-1), chopped garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: taste check
ACTID: 7
PRED: taste check
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: add in some chili pepper
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[PP, food, in] some chili pepper (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: transfer it to a mason jar
ACTID: 9
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] it (8)
[PP, location, to] a mason jar (-1)
annot: store it
ACTID: 10
PRED: store
[DOBJ, food] it (9)
annot: cut the boiled shrimp into half
ACTID: 11
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the boiled shrimp into half (-1)
annot: remove the shell
ACTID: 12
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the shell (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: cut the tofu into one inch slices
ACTID: 13
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the tofu (-1)
[PP, other, into] one inch slices (-1)
annot: dip rice paper in warm water and drain excess water
ACTID: 14
PRED: dip
[DOBJ, food] rice paper in warm water (-1), drain excess water (-1)
annot: Place some lettuce in the middle of the rice paper
ACTID: 15
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] some lettuce (-1)
[PP, food, in] the middle of the rice paper (14)
annot: add some coriander leaves, mint, cilantro, beans sprouts, cooked vermicelli noodles
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some coriander leaves (-1),  mint (-1), cilantro (-1), beans sprouts (-1), cooked vermicelli noodles (-1)
[PP, food, ] (15)
annot: place the shrimp and ham next to the veggies and layer the ham with tofu slices
ACTID: 17
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the shrimp (12), ham  (-1)
[PP, food, next] to the veggies (-1)
[PP, food, ] (16)
annot: layer the ham with tofu slices
ACTID: 18
PRED: layer
[DOBJ, food] the ham (17)
[PP, food, with] tofu slices (13)
annot: Fold the rice paper
ACTID: 19
PRED: fold
[DOBJ, food] the rice paper (18)
annot: roll over to completely covering the stuffing
ACTID: 20
PRED: roll
[PP, food, to] completely covering the stuffing (19)